Clarify how user search works (#1525)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/add-users-to-projects.md

1. In the **Members** tab, click **Add**.
1. Search for the user or group that you want to add to the project.

    :::note Notes:

>     - At least 2 characters must be typed in the search box for results to appear
>     - Users can be searched based on their username or display name
>     - Search is prefix-based (eg. a user named `Stan Dard` will appear when searching for `Sta`, but not when searching for `Dar`) and case-sensitive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - At least 2 characters must be typed in the search box for results to appear.
    - Users can be searched based on their username or display name.
    - Search is prefix-based (e.g., a user named `Stan Dard` will appear when searching for `Sta`, but not when searching for `Dar`) and case-sensitive.
```
